1. Read the fucking container docs. I had an issue with the terraform container exiting immediately and not doing anything. I found that the entry poing of the container was terrafrom <command>. So shell command was passed as arguments to terraform. I fix this by overriding the ectrypoing in docker compose.
1. Fucking hashicorp/terraform entry point. My docker compose ran well but the terraform container didn't do it's thing. When i check the logs `docker compose logs -f terraform` i notices that it is saying terraform doesn't have a blah blah meaning what ever command i was running blooding terraform was appended in from. ad and entry point to fix `  entrypoint: ["/bin/sh", "-lc"]`
2. Docker `entrypoint` and `command` these  two just trip me up and it cost me two days, can't for the life of me figure out why the command on the terraform image wasn't working, even after changing the entrypoint to /bin/sh. Anyways, I just added the command I wanted directly in the entry point
3. docker compose `depends_on` is unrelaible, it only dictates which container starts first not doesn't tell one container to wait for the process to be finish in another container. As the ansible container depends on the output of the terraform container, this has become a issue as i have to run `docker compose up `twice to get the hosts.ini file to be populated with the right details
4. To stop the above problem, I've added in a timer script. That checks if the `output.json` file exits before writing to the inventory, then I change the terraform entry script to save the IPs to a `.tmp` file first then rename it.
5. windows can be a asshole at times, i was using wsl to access the ssh key file in the C:drive, windows give me a permissioin problem. I had the same issue in the docker container, had to explicidly copy it to a place that a palce where it has permission or update the permission
6. I had an issue where the ansible container just runs for ever until I stop it, or sometime one of the worker isn't added to the cluster. this was beacuse there was some unattended-upgrades running on fresh Ubuntu boot. Creteed an ansible to wait 
